Fix ` Writing a RESTful API with Ballerina` (#3598)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/getting-started/writing-a-restful-api-with-ballerina.md

## Designing the Two Endpoints 

The first endpoint is about getting data from the service as well as adding data to the service. Therefore, the service should handle both HTTP GET and POST requests.

> - The GET request is to get data, and the response should be `200 OK`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The GET request is to get data and the response should be `200 OK`.
```

Author: What is the reasoning behind this? From Grammarly:

<img width="1313" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16300038/151652435-91502c91-905c-4a03-ba93-3f9020c7bf06.png">

Reviewer: +1 as this is a compound sentence.

> - The POST request is to add data, and the response should be `201 created`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The POST request is to add data and the response should be `201 created`.
```

Author: Same as above comment.

> The second endpoint is about getting filtered data from the service. The data is filtered by the ISO code. Therefore, the second service accepts the ISO code as part of the URL and responds with `200 OK` status code. In the event of an error, the relevant error is sent back to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second endpoint is about getting data filtered from the service. The data is filtered by the ISO code. Therefore, the second service accepts the ISO code as part of the URL and responds with the `200 OK` status code. In the event of an error, the relevant error is sent back to the client.
```

> Following is the URL for each endpoint, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is the URL for each endpoint respectively.
```

Author: Reasoning for this pls. Grammerly outpu :

<img width="1317" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16300038/151653028-5e833e4c-21de-4e90-96da-600d447a5527.png">

`bal new covid19 -t service`

> This creates a folder named `covid19` along with a sample code for service. Move to the `covid19` and execute the following command to start VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a folder named `covid19` along with a sample code for service. Navigate to the `covid19` directory, and execute the following command to start VSCode.
```

`code .`

> `Ballerina.toml` is the file that makes the folder a Ballerina package. It also contains a test directory to include tests for the service. But for the sake of simplicity, we will ignore it in this tutorial. You can just go through the sample in `service.bal` to get a look and feel about Ballerina services. However, we will be starting with a blank page. Hence, before you start, you can delete the entire code or edit it if you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Ballerina.toml` is the file that makes the folder a Ballerina package. It also contains a test directory to include tests for the service. However, for the sake of simplicity, it will be ignored in this tutorial. You can just go through the sample in the `service.bal` to get a look and feel about Ballerina services. However, since you will be doing it from scratch, you can delete the entire code or edit it if you wish.
```

|};
```

> As you can see, there is something new here. `*http:Conflict` is the Ballerina way of saying one type is a subtype another. In this case `ConflictingIsoCodeError` is a subtype of `*http:Conflict`.Ballerina has defined a set of types for each HTTP status code. This allows users to write services in a type oriented way which is, in turn, helpful when it comes to tooling and generating OpenAPI specifications for HTTP services. Returning this record results in HTTP `409` response with JSON payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, there is something new here. `*http:Conflict` is the Ballerina way of saying one type is a subtype of another. In this case, `ConflictingIsoCodeError` is a subtype of `*http:Conflict`. Ballerina has defined a set of types for each HTTP status code. This allows you to write services in a type-oriented way, which in turn is helpful when it comes to tooling and generating OpenAPI specifications for HTTP services. Returning this record results in an HTTP `409` response with a JSON payload.
```

> The body of the response is of type `ErrorMsg`, which simply has a string field named `errmsg`. Users can have any data type for their response body based on the need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body of the response is of type `ErrorMsg`, which simply has a string field named `errmsg`. You can have any data type for their response body based on the need.
```

> The body of the response is of type `ErrorMsg`, which simply has a string field named `errmsg`. Users can have any data type for their response body based on the need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body of the response is of type `ErrorMsg`, which simply has a string field named `errmsg`. You can have any data type for the response body based on the need.
```
